INSTRUCTIONS
The PowerProject tool company is one 
of the leaders in power tools for the 
average handyman and homeowner. 
The company recently hired you to 
develop a page on its website for its 
new line of cordless chainsaws, leaf 
blowers, pole saws, and lawnmowers. 
You must create a web page for this 
line of tools known as the KLE550 
series that uses 45V lithium-ion batteries. You’ll download the following files 
from your student portal:
1. Overview and features of the 
KLE550 series of tools
2. Image files and logo displaying the logo for the new tool series
3. PowerProject.jpg, an image of the PowerProject tool company logo
FIGURE 15—PowerProject logo.
© PENN FOSTER, INC. 2017 HTML CODING PAGE 48
Lesson 3
You can also supplement these files with any other resources you have. You’re responsible 
for the content and appearance of the page.
To complete this task:
1. Create an XHTML file named PowerProjectKLE500.htm.
2. In the head element, include the appropriate page title along with a comment that 
describes the purpose and content of the page, your name, and the date.
3. Include or demonstrate at least one example of each of the following in the 
document:
a. Different colors of text boxes and backgrounds with appropriate contrast
b. Two different styles of text
c. Box with one of the following attributes:
 i. Border image
 ii. Shadow
 iii. Rounded corners
d. Table with appropriate cell margins and spacing
e. Bulleted list with one or more point styles from pages 333‒334
e. Form with all the following attributes:
 i. Text input (size appropriately)
 ii. Password
 iii. Text area
 iv. Select box
 v. Radio buttons
 vi. Checkboxes
5. Demonstrate your understanding of creating a list, table, or form.
6. User proper XHTML and CSS syntax at all times.
7. Write your code and comments so that it will be easy to understand and read.
8. After completing the page, validate your code using the XHTML validator at 
http://validator.w3.org/.
9. Save your XHTML file and then view the resulting page in a browser.
10. Submit your completed project.